# Conclusion 
---
In this investigation, we investigate the clustering of participants who conducted the Iowa gambling task. Engineered features included card deck choice, a health binary variable and the subject's cumulative reward at different intervals (to monitor the balance between exploration and exploitation). In addition, we augment the existing data by adding participants from the Ahn et al. study. This enables us to not only examine the behavioural difference between unhealthy and healthy individuals, but also the varying decision-making deficiencies between opioid and stimulant dependent individuals.  

Our most significant results are the following: 
1. Exploratory data analysis of the various studies contradicts the general assumption of IGT i.e., the preference of healthy individuals to seek long-term reward. Rather than picking the two advantageous decks (C, D), ad-hoc analysis (put in label) demonstrated participants generally prefer one of the advantageous (deck D) and one of the disadvantageous (deck B). Possible reasons for this observed discrepancy may be found in the particular payoff scheme of the study and  the subsequent biases that may have been introduced. AAlternatively, we  hypothesis that healthy individuals are influenced by **both** long term reward and immediate gain/loss frequency.
2. Similarly, we observed a high inter-study and inter-individual variability in IGT performance in healthy participants. Participant variability could be due to divergent psychological attributes  between the healthy participants such as learn behaviour, propensity to gambling, impulsivity or different decision making strategies. Different IGT versions could explain the inter-study discrepancy. 
3. Although both heroin and amphetamine users display poor decision making, the average heroin user had a poorer take-home reward (approx. $200 difference).  Different classes of drugs might have different effects on decision making behaviour. As mentioned previously,  pre-cinical trails concluded that stimulant and opiate users display different behavioral effects because stimulants tend to produce arousing and activating effects, whereas opiates produce mixed inhibitory and excitatory effect.
3. K-means could reasonably cluster all unhealthy individuals into a single cluster but healthy individuals were distributed evenly between the groupings. K-means performed poorly when we examine the clusters by study. Although, this is desired!
4.  The devised federated k-means algorithm  achieved 

## Future work
There are several possibilities to extend this work in future. Currently, both heroin and amphetamine addicts are grouped into the same cluster using K-means (even with different numbers of K and principal components).  We plan to experiment with hierarchical clustering algorithms that may able to model the distinction between these subgroups in a wider ‘poor decision making’ cluster. Furthermore, sub-groups of healthy participants may be revealed with associated advantageous or disadvantageous decision behaviour. 
In addition, we plan to train a reinforcement leaning model on the datasets and perform clustering utilizing the parameters of that model.  Similar endeavours have shown to be fruitful, with such parameters often increasing interoperability of results. Our devised federated k-means algorithm could also be improved by incorporating mini batch k-means, for large local datasets or devices with low computational capacity. This would result in only a trivial reduction in accuracy and would be particularly useful if the decentralised device was a mobile phone, for example. Finally, we are interested in incorporating other features about the subjects such as socio-economic status,  gender, and a chronic gambling addiction indicator. We hope such features might uncover certain card decision patterns or behavioural inabilities during the task.

 
